well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again and today is day three of our
conversation about guns now if you pro
gun up till now probably had over a lot
to argue with been nodding your head
yeah yeah you might even think you heard
a dog whistle in there the legislation's
not really needed sounds a lot like its
cultural problem when we know what that
means to most people in the gun crowd
there is a cultural problem but it's not
the one you're thinking of where uh one
of these kids shoots up a school where'd
you get the gun nine times out of ten
relative right out of their gun cabinet
somebody in the gun crowd how many you
got a photo on Facebook dressed like I
am right now got your plate Terry off
rifle show you a killer ready to kill
over anything step on my flag I'll kill
you can't imagine where some kid got the
idea that it might be okay to kill
somebody over something trivial see yeah
yeah you sit there and you throw that
out there all the time
you ready to kill ready to kill and then
you're surprised when some kid walks
into a school caps a bunch of children
wonder what that is man wonder what that
shift was it's not the rifle y'all know
that that's part about the gun crowd
drives me in saying y'all know that it's
not this semi automatics they've been
available to the civilian market for a
hundred years it's only recently that
this became an issue at the same time
this was no longer a tool and right now
you're like no it's two gun and gonna
kill anybody by itself you're right it's
a tool I don't see a whole lot of
pictures like this though no I can't
rule I don't remember anybody know it is
a tool that's the only tool you act like
makes you a man and that's the problem
that's what this has become it's no
longer just a tool this is a symbol of
masculinity
this is manhood then think about your
response to a school shooting that kid
just needed more discipline all right go
ahead and say what you mean though you
need to be smacked around a little bit
more right that's what you're really
saying so some kid been picked on a
little bit maybe feels a little bit of
masculine because of it picks up the
symbol of masculinity walks into school
solves our problem because violence is
always the answer
right
it's crazy how simple it is and then you
sit there and right now there's people
getting mad cuz they're sitting a little
close to home I imagine and saying well
I got a second Amendment right to own a
firearm you do you do everybody
everybody the whole people where the
exact words used by the guy who wrote it
that's who the militia is the whole
people it is an individual right but has
nothing to do with you taking a rifle
like this and going down to the range
poking holes and paper to look cool has
nothing to do with you hunting has
nothing to do with you defending your
home from a burglar it's not what the
second amendments for is it see I'll
know this too you just ignore it
Second Amendment had three real purposes
one of which we've been relieved of duty
of that's to put down civil interactions
that was the first one the militia the
whole people could be called for it to
put down civil insurrections then the
other two and there's no way to church
this up it is what it is it's to kill
government employees that's what the
Second Amendment ser for one class of
government employees would be foreign
government employees in the case in the
sense of an invasion and we're backing
up the military as the militia of the
whole people and the other is when the
US government goes crazy they become
tyrannical they wrote that in there's
like a safety valve we could fight back
that's what the second men's therefore
y'all know that though I know you know
it because you got stuff like this on
your truck stickers like this come and
take it
Molen Labe problem is you got to right
next to a thin blue line sticker who do
you thinks gonna come take them well
they're not gonna come take them from
you cuz you a law abiding gun owner this
term that makes my skin crawl
Second Amendment has nothing to do with
law-abiding gun owners gentlemen let's
really think about this you could be a
law abiding gun owner and be completely
complicit and the government's tyranny
back you have to be
right if you're a law-abiding gun owner
they've got you conditioned to say that
there's no great conspiracy to come take
your weapons so you're no fight back
against the government they already know
you're not going to because you're a
law-abiding gun owner you could be a
law-abiding gun a gun owner at the same
time you're pushing people into ghettos
in Nazi Germany doesn't mean anything
the whole point of the Second Amendment
is that when the time came if the time
came you wouldn't be a law abiding gun
owner but they got you whipped
they got you trained violence is always
the answer right be a man we don't
believe that's it seemed that meme on
Facebook it's got the bolt from one of
these if your boyfriend doesn't know
what this is he's your girlfriend symbol
of masculinity now it's not just a tool
y'all made it that way y'all turned it
into that and along with this the
violence there's nothing wrong with this
thing it's not this that's the problem
it's the gun crowd it's most you guys
screaming about the Second Amendment
maybe we should start exploring other
options to deal with problems than
violence in the spec it was just see you
know cuz one you got to remember one
thing one thing really important kid
graduating high school this year hasn't
seen a day of peace in his entire life
been at war the entire time violence is
the answer they're heroes right they got
one of these looks just like this they
got one of these
they're heroes because they're solving
their problems because they're real men
you want to solve these issues bring
back real masculinity honor integrity
looking out for those that are a little
downtrodden you know the things that all
great masculine American men did maybe
shift this bring back to a tool instead
of making it your penis doesn't make you
a man not at all that's the biggest
problem you solve that you're not gonna
need me gun control because you got
self-control you need to raise kids a
little bit better and it's not the other
well we're talking about these school
shootings these mass shootings oh it's
the gun crowd anyway so there you go
y'all have a nice a nice day can't wait
to see the Inbox on this one I'll talk
to you later